re-organise doc (#6)
ome/omero-guide-cellprofiler: README.md

# Guide on how to integrate CellProfiler and OMERO
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ome/omero-guide-cellprofiler/master?filepath=notebooks/idr0002.ipynb)

> This guide demonstrates how to use the CellProfiler Python API to analyze data stored in [IDR](https://idr.openmicroscopy.org/) or in an other OMERO server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to use the CellProfiler Python API to analyze data stored in [IDR](https://idr.openmicroscopy.org/) or in another OMERO server.
```
